
Search
Write
Sign up

Sign in



OpenClaw Troubleshooting: Fix no response issue
DevAIProg
DevAIProg

Follow
3 min read
·
Feb 9, 2026



WebChat is active, but the bot returns null/empty responses or the connection terminates with a 1006 abnormal closure. This indicates a Provider Registration Failure, not a network error.

Press enter or click to view image in full size

Diagnostic:
Before attempting a fix, you must confirm that the workspace is failing to recognize the provider.
Run the JSON status check:

(Bash)
openclaw models status --json

Press enter or click to view image in full size

providersWith0Auth
Critical Failure Indicators:
-Look for “status”: “missing”
-Look for “missingProvidersInUse”: [“anthropic”]
If either of these appear, the Gateway is “blind” to your API and will remain silent until re-initialized.


“status”: “missing”
Non-Interactive Onboarding
When a provider is listed as “missing”, the internal configuration file is out of sync. Use this command to force-register the provider and bind your API key directly to the workspace.

Get DevAIProg’s stories in your inbox
Join Medium for free to get updates from this writer.

Enter your email
Subscribe
Execute the repair command:
(Bash). “openclaw onboard --non-interactive --accept-risk --mode local--auth-choice apiKey --anthropic-api-key “YOUR_API_KEY” --gateway-port 18789 --gateway-bind loopback”
Replace “YOUR_API_KEY” with your live secret key. This command bypasses the standard setup UI to write the configuration directly to ~/.openclaw/openclaw.json.

Permanent API Key Injection
To ensure your API key survives terminal resets and system reboots, you must add it to your shell’s environment configuration.
1. Open your shell profile:

(Bash) nano ~/.zshrc (Use ~/.bashrc if you are on a standard Linux distribution instead of macOS/Zsh).
2. Inject the variable: Scroll to the bottom and add: export ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=sk-ant-your-key-here
3. Commit the changes: Press Ctrl+O, Enter, then Ctrl+X.
4. Refresh the environment: (Bash) source ~/.zshrc

Execution: Launch the Gateway
With the provider registered and the key persistent, initiate the service:
(Bash) “openclaw gateway run”
Verification of Success:
-[gateway] agent model: anthropic/claude-3–5-sonnet (Model is found).
-[gateway] listening on ws://127.0.0.1:18789 (Connection is live).

Press enter or click to view image in full size

Example of proper output
One-Time Setup: Enter Once, Never Again
The “Silent Bot” issue usually happens because users enter their API key during a temporary session rather than hard-coding it into the OpenClaw environment.
By following Step 2 (Onboarding) and Step 3 (Shell Export) together, you achieve a “Set and Forget” configuration. The onboarding command hard-codes the provider link into the OpenClaw app logic, while the shell export ensures the operating system always provides the key to that link.
From this point forward, you only need one command to start your bot:
(Bash) “openclaw gateway run”
No more re-entering keys, no more onboarding screens, and no more silent responses.

Openclaw
AI
Troubleshoot
Problem
Aibot


DevAIProg
Written by DevAIProg
0 followers
·
1 following
programmer and ai enthusiast


Follow
No responses yet

Write a response

What are your thoughts?

Cancel
Respond
Recommended from Medium
Why the Smartest People in Tech Are Quietly Panicking Right Now
Activated Thinker
In

Activated Thinker

by

Shane Collins

Why the Smartest People in Tech Are Quietly Panicking Right Now
The water is rising fast, and your free version of ChatGPT is hiding the terrifying, exhilarating truth

Feb 13
7.9K
356
The only guide combining Hetzner’s VPS with Tailscale’s zero-trust architecture, validated through production use including honest assessment of OpenClaw’s current limitations.
Reza Rezvani
Reza Rezvani

I Deployed OpenClaw With Zero Public Ports. Here is the Tailscale Setup That Actually Works
60-Minute DIY Guide: Secure OpenClaw Production Setup on Hetzner Cloud + Docker + Tailsclae

Feb 6
50
3
6 brain images
Write A Catalyst
In

Write A Catalyst

by

Dr. Patricia Schmidt

As a Neuroscientist, I Quit These 5 Morning Habits That Destroy Your Brain
Most people do #1 within 10 minutes of waking (and it sabotages your entire day)

Jan 14
31K
559
I Cancelled My ~$200/mo Claude API Subscription, Again.
Towards AI
In

Towards AI

by

Adham Khaled

I Cancelled My ~$200/mo Claude API Subscription, Again.
Kimi K2.5 didn’t just lower the price. It destroyed the business model of “renting intelligence.”

Feb 8
1.7K
52
Anthropic Just Released Claude Code Course (And I Earned My Certificate)
AI Software Engineer
In

AI Software Engineer

by

Joe Njenga

Anthropic Just Released Claude Code Course (And I Earned My Certificate)
Anthropic just launched their Claude Code in Action course, and I’ve just passed — how about you?

Jan 21
2.8K
37
The Complete OpenClaw Architecture That Actually Scales — Memory, Cron Jobs, Dashboard, and the…
Phil | Rentier Digital Automation
Phil | Rentier Digital Automation

The Complete OpenClaw Architecture That Actually Scales — Memory, Cron Jobs, Dashboard, and the…
90% of OpenClaw setups die the same death. Not from security breaches (although, yeah, we’ll get to that). Not from API costs. They die…

Feb 13
73
1
See more recommendations
Help

Status

About

Careers

Press

Blog

Privacy

Rules

Terms

Text to speech